beautiful trophy awaiting the winner of
this match and we should mention that
both of these boulders their last
victory Marshall was in the tournament
of champions somebody's gonna break it
through out here tonight
oh that is very very true and I really I
like I like George Brandon's chances you
know generally I give the edge to the
man bowling in the semifinal match
because he's warmed up but with two
single pin misses and not a lot of
strikes mark still the single pins
continues just a different one this time
all right now he missed he missed the
four pin early in the last match I just
can't see any way he's going to miss
this one he was gonna make it made it
easy for he he is putting the excitement
in despair shooting the breeze knocked
this one over Mars it really is quite
amazing you know in 176 games on
television they've only been 16 single
pins missed that's one every 11 games
mark missed two in one game and he's a
good script shooter and again
oh you look like you just got that off
his hand yeah and it just did not did
not make an aggressive shot it's the
first shot of the match form so might be
a little bit nervous George Boole great
here back in 1994 lost to Dave Houston
who had a seven role in the opening
match championship he bought 238 that
game got beat he likes this Center he
likes this pair yes he does and you know
during our break mark was practicing his
fares on the practice lanes with that
same ball could help us awfully close
George
from Indianapolis 33 years old married
his wife's name is Jackie
there we see some of the titles and
years on tour my goodness 38 titles 73
years on tour a lot of experience out
here tonight it's certainly a veteran
feel that time
he's far finished in the pocket a little
bit different that time was able to
knock the tin out looked like he might
have even moved in just a little bit
maybe catching a little more oil early
to save some energy for the back end of
the pins Mark Williams from Beaumont
Texas is the oldest guy in the telecast
at 38 the 67 bad things continue to
happen to him well there was a bad shot
and he and he paid the full price for it
that very easily could have been just a
9 9 count but he's got a wide open split
wouldn't be ironic if he could make this
after not being able to make a single
pin gave it a shot yeah he gave it a
good opportunity not quite far enough to
the right that Jorge Branham has got an
excellent opportunity here that's got to
loosen him up a little bit that open
there yes it does
he's working on a strike he can increase
his lead from 12 to 22 right here with a
strike of the throat right
that's great pin action now that was a
loose and aggressive shot and the pins
know they do don't they yes they can
tell if you're pinching it if you're not
giving it a good loose roll the pins
will definitely know it doesn't matter
whether you throw the ball straight or
you hook the ball a lot it's got to come
off your hand clean George just looks
like a natural athlete doesn't it well
he certainly is an athlete you know he
he works out he takes care of himself
he's done nothing but struggle that's
right he's had he's had a lot of
troubles I don't think II cashed in the
first six tournaments he bowled this
year well it's a to fit now makes this
very easier but he's not gonna catch him
shooting spares no he's not and God
marks got to be talking to himself his
best finished third twice this year so
he's gonna have his best finish here
tonight but second is not what he's
looking for well it looks like second
but there's still a lot of frames left
he went with the hook for this most
trouble is he's hair trying to throw it
straight at him what we're recommending
to everybody well he'd best get started
right now Mike
he's wounded deeper again well I took a
reaction there you know with these these
new reactive resin bowling balls they
take the oil off the front of the lane
and piggyback it down to the back end so
you have to be making your moves a lot
faster than in years past I just took
him one frame and he's been zeroed in
well george Branum averaged 246 and it
looks like he's going to shoot 246 again
or better
here we see George's form very very
fluid very good pin a step shoulder high
backswing and drives right through it
follow-through a right towards his
target leaves the seven pin but all in
all pretty nice spare for backer seven
pin still finds himself in a very very
good position Oh Fred just a wee bit of
Hope to mr. William so if he strikes out
with what finished with 248 so I guess
if you can do it with a pencil you can
do it with a bowling ball okay
absolutely right
George Branagh with a commanding 41
penny lead through five-and-a-half
frames can Marc Williams come back
tinned out but we'll find out right
after this break stay tuned